Add new rule for the assigning a function (#2)
Blackjacx/Me: Sources/Me/Me.docc/Development/iOS/Swift Best Practices.md

Having a unified pattern for naming selectors helps to make code understandable faster. The on\* pattern is also used in other programming languages like JavaScript.

> ### Avoid assigning a function to a closure
> 
> Assigning a function to closure property creates a strong reference to the owner of the function potentially creating a retain cycle.
> Use a closure and weak references. Read more about that in [Article](https://www.marisibrothers.com/2017/04/memory-leak-in-swift-assigning-function.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Avoid using function names for closure parameters

Using function names directly for closure parameters, creates a strong reference to the owner of the function potentially creating a retain cycle. Use a closure and weak references instead. Read more about that in [this article](https://www.marisibrothers.com/2017/04/memory-leak-in-swift-assigning-function.html).
```
